<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
	<head>
		<link rel="shortcut icon" type="image/x-icon" href="/images/favicon.ico" />
		<link href="//maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/3.3.7/css/bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet" />
		<link href="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/animate.css/3.5.2/animate.min.css" rel="stylesheet" />
		<link href="//use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.3.1/css/all.css" rel="stylesheet" />
		<link href="/main.css" rel="stylesheet" />

		<script type="text/javascript" src="//code.jquery.com/jquery-3.2.1.min.js"></script>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="//maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/3.3.7/js/bootstrap.min.js"></script>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/js/navbar.js"></script>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/js/filter.js"></script>

		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
		<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />

		<meta name="copyright" content="2017-2021 The Swipp Team" />
		<meta name="license" content="http://www.swippcoin.com/LICENSE" />

		<title>Bounties | Modern cryptocurrency | Pow/Pos rewards | Community Financing</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav class="navbar navbar-default navbar-fixed-top normal" role="navigation">
			<div class="container">
				<div class="navbar-header">
					<button type="button" class="navbar-toggle collapsed" data-toggle="collapse" data-target=".navbar-collapse">
						<span class="sr-only">Toggle navigation</span>
						<span class="icon-bar"></span>
						<span class="icon-bar"></span>
						<span class="icon-bar"></span>
					</button>
					<a class="navbar-brand logo" href="/"></a>
				</div>
				<div class="navbar-collapse collapse">
					<ul class="nav navbar-nav navbar-right">
						<li><a href="/getswipp">Get Swipp</a></li>
						<li><a href="/resources">Resources</a></li>
						<li><a class="active" href="/bounties">Bounties</a></li>
						<li><a href="/specifications">Specifications</a></li>
						<li><a href="/badges">Badges</a></li>
						<li><a href="/contact">Contact</a></li>
					</ul>
				</div>
			</div>
		</nav>
		<section class="logo container">
			<div class="container">
				<div class="relative"><a href="/"></a></div>
			</div>
		</section>
		<section class="container light center">
			<p><i class="fas fa-shopping-bag fa-5x"></i></p>
			<h1>Bounties</h1>
			<p>
				Below you can find a list of currently active and historical bounties. We encourage all members of the community
				to participate in any bounties that they find interesting. Helping in financing bounties is a way for each and
				every member of the community to influence the direction and development of Swipp.
			</p>
			<p>
				A bounty could cover anything from financing of new features in the wallet to completely new development and ideas.
				They can also be a means of collecting fees for exchange listings and charges for other services.
			</p>
			<p>
				Please contact us if you have any interesting ideas for bounties.
			</p>
			<a href="mailto:info@swippcoin.com" class="btn btn-default btn-contact">Contact us »</a>
		</section>
		<section class="gradient bounties">
			<p class="container pad">
				At the moment, bounties are managed manually by the core team. However, in the future, they will be managed
				completely by the community via the planned bounty portal, which you can read about on the
				<a href="http://www.swippcoin.com#roadmap">roadmap</a>.
			</p>
			<button type="button" class="btn btn-default">Show completed bounty entries</button>
			<br/>
			<div class="pad">
				<div class="row hide">
					<div class="col-sm-offset-3 col-sm-6">
						<h3>Aspectcoin / Azenix Swap</h3>
						<p>
							Aspectcoin is a cryptocurrency that was adbandoned (and dumped) by it's original developer.
							The community made an attempt to rescue the cryptocurrency by rebranding it into Azenix and
							redirecting development focus. However, the community member that started this effort decided
							that he did not have enough time to continue the project. Aspectcoin / Azenix has been in limbo
							ever since.
						</p>
						<p>
							This bounty is an opportunity for the Swipp community to decide if we want to save the Azenix
							community and make them part of our family.
						</p>
						<h4>Status</h4>
						<p class="smaller">
							40 people have registered for the actual swap. The target for the bounty is
							<strong>95 417 Swipp</strong>. Regardless of how much we manage to collect, we will most likely still
							try to do the swap at the swap ratio allowed by the collected funds.
						</p>
						<p class="smaller">
							Once the bounty is over, we will put information on Discord about the swap ratio we managed to hit.
							Everybody will be allowed to say yay or nay to the swap. Any funds left over in the bounty will be
							returned to the addresses that donated. If, say, for example, 20% of the total amount donated is left
							and not swapped, all addresses that donated to the swap will receive 20% of the amount they donated
							back from the bounty.
						</p>
						<h4>Deadline</h4>
						<p class="smaller">
							The bounty ends when we have either collected <strong>95 417 Swipp</strong> or when we reach
							<strong>2018 October 26'th 23:59:59 GMT</strong>.
						</p>
						<h4>Donating for the Swap</h4>
						<p class="smaller">
							To dontate to the swap, please send any amount of Swipp to the Swipp address at
							<strong>SdTPLSxoFcBir6wQbwVmrQrJvBJcr5qGky</strong>
							(<a href="http://explorer.swippcoin.com/address/SdTPLSxoFcBir6wQbwVmrQrJvBJcr5qGky">explorer</a>).
							If you want to make a public donation, please use the messaging functionality of the Swipp wallet to
							send your alias or full name to to the same address (please make sure you use a source address that
							you used for donating to the bounty).
						</p>
					</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</section>
		<footer class="container-flow copyright">
			<p>
				<a href="https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2375296"><i class="fas fa-comments fa-2x"></i></a>
				<a href="https://discord.gg/ZHVVjdZ"><i class="fab fa-discord fa-2x"></i></a>
				<br/>© 2017-2021 Team Swipp • All rights reserved
			</p>
		</footer>
	</body>
</html>
